Captain's Log, Stardate 53896.
MALES ( in unison ):
has requested permission
B'Elanna Torres
to take the Delta Flyer
and search for dilithium.
Shining Voyager,
far from home,
far from the gleaming cities
of Earth.
Headstrong B'Elanna Torres
and young Harry Kim
speed away from Voyager
on the Delta Flyer
in search of
their treasures.
"KIM":
I've trimmed
the sails,
but the sea is rough.
Maybe we should return.
I know what I'm doing.
A wave as high as a mountain
struck the Delta Flyer.
MALES:
Get into the
escape pod.
We die together.
No one is going to die.
Go.
Young Harry Kim left her side
MALES:
was thrown against the rocks,
and B'Elanna Torres
the rocks of our very shore.
Which is where I,
Kelis the Poet,
found her...
broken...
dying.
She told me her story...
...and now I've told you.
An excellent conceit, that
you discovered her yourself.
Thank you.
Well, now that
B'Elanna Torres
has come to our shore,
what will happen?
Does Captain Janeway
come searching for her,
or does she give
her up for lost?
Who can say?
Well, I would hope
that you can.
I want to see more of these
Voyager Eternals.
Inspiration...
can't be forced.
One week.
Or three weeks.
Uh, maybe two.
One week.
The story will continue.
Have you noticed
how thin
my performers have gotten?
( clears throat )
Let them eat this.
Ladies and gentlemen--
our patron
salutes you.
Finally!
( performers gasp )
We're doing another
Voyager play...
as soon as I
can write it.
Shall we celebrate,
the two of us?
I have very little time.
Celebrating
will have to wait.
( grunts )
Who are you?!
Kelis... Kelis,
the Poet.
Your servant.
My servant.
All right.
Then let me go.
I... can't.
Why not?
You'll fly from me...
the way inspiration
always does.
You're trying to kill me.
I'm releasing the heat
from your veins.
What are you talking about?
You've been in a fever
since I found you.
Bleeding is the best way
to treat it.
Oh, I can see I'm in good hands.
you have your doubts.
Something tells me
There's a medkit over there.
A box.
Made out of metal?
There's a small
cylinder inside.
Bring it here.
Give it to me.
( electronic whirring )
Don't be afraid.
It won't hurt you.
Here.
Pass it over
where you cut me.
( whirring )
You're an Eternal.
I suppose such things
are to be expected.
What other things do you
expect from an Eternal?
The power to make the ground
open up and the sky to fall.
sung by the ancient poets.
All the strange events
no poet has ever sung
Fortunately for me,
about your clan.
I'm the first.
My clan?
The Eternals on Voyager.
"Shining Voyager,
far from home."
How do you know about that?
Delta Flyer Log,
Stardate 53918.
TORRES:
Harry and I are continuing
toward the fourth planet.
natural dilithium deposits
Sensors have picked up
on nearly every land mass.
CHAKOTAY ( staticky):
Acknowledged.
Has your warp core been damaged?
Yes. We're running on thrusters.
TORRES:
Can you track our position?
How long have I been here?
Eight days.
I was walking through
these mountains.
I saw a light burn
across the sky,
and I heard a
terrible sound.
When I arrived, I found you.
I treated your wounds.
And you tied me to this chair.
When a gift falls
from the heavens,
only a fool would let her go.
You've already given me
one play.
The story told by those voices.
I pieced them together,
tried to fill in the gaps.
You made a play out of our logs?
of B'Elanna Torres.
The Away Mission
My patron was impressed.
Well, he has great taste.
of yours and cut me free.
Now, take that knife
That... would be unwise.
Why?
My patron is intrigued
by the Voyager Eternals.
He wants another play.
To compose that, I need more...
details.
to get them from me?
And you expect
I did save your life.
I need to get back
to Voyager.
I need another play.
do you want to know?
What exactly
It's not possible.
Everything.
We "Eternals" have our rules.
give everything away.
We can't just...
How did you get lost?
Cut me free and I'll tell you.
You won't leave me?
Cut me free.
You're the one
who's leaving.
Don't come back.
Computer, bring the subspace
transmitter on line.
Why not?
Unable to comply.
Insufficient power.
Great. Now there's no power.
KELIS:
Are you hungry?
I told you not to come back.
You haven't eaten in days.
We have to support each other,
we poets.
I'm an Engineer.
I fix things.
From the looks of it,
you're not
doing so well.
Are you a poet
or a critic?
Tell me about Earth.
I have to sing
for my supper, huh?
We all do...
...in one way
or another.
Earth.
It's, uh...
an island...
a beautiful island,
blue and green.
A-a great ship?
And Voyager?
In a long line of great ships.
How did Voyager get lost?
The Caretaker.
An Eternal.
Yes, you could say that.
He...
which blew us off course.
caused a storm,
Tom Paris.
Are you in love with him?
Supper is over.
Come with me.
( grunting with effort )
( electronic whirring )
This is where we put
all the names and dates
when our heads
won't hold anymore.
A memory.
Exactly.
Tell me...
have you ever seen this before?
Winter's tears.
Can you get me some?
This is... dilithium,
isn't it?
What you were
looking for.
Where can I find it?
The only deposit
I know of
is on the hunting
grounds of my patron.
He'd execute me
for trespassing,
and you, well, he'd love
to capture an Eternal.
M-maybe I'm more powerful
than he is.
Perhaps, but, if he caught you,
he'd force you to fight
against his enemies.
at each other's throats,
They're constantly
bickering over territory,
raiding each other's
land, starting wars
guaranteed of good weather
whenever they can be
the consequences.
and we suffer
to get involved with them.
You don't want
Which is why you're going
to get the dilithium.
I'd be executed if I'm caught.
I told you,
The dilithium...
another word about...
or I don't say
"shining Voyager,
far from home."
( thunder rumbling )
Did you...?
Don't get caught.
( thunder rumbling )
Well?
Beautiful.
I've got an idea
for your next play.
by inspiration herself.
I've been visited
How does this sound?
of B'Elanna Torres--
The Rescue
right here, in one week.
MALE:
One week?!
Let's get to work.
That's it?
Dismissed.
Mr. Paris, try to stay calm.
No, that's not going to happen.
Isn't there anything else
we can do?
Not until something
shows up on sensors.
I'll take
a shuttle out myself.
a planet-by-planet search.
I'll run
An inefficient plan.
CHAKOTAY:
And too dangerous.
by the same spatial eddies that
sent the Flyer off course.
You could be hit
our efforts from here, Tom.
We need to concentrate
All right?
Dismissed.
( sighs heavily )
Steady-armed Paris,
that brings no rest...
bound by a sleep
The door opens and
the shadow of a woman
falls on the helmsman.
His eyes open...
did you find B'Elanna Torres?
Seven of Nine,
I'm sorry
to disappoint you.
Closer.
Unpleasant news,
delivered by the most
pleasing of messengers.
No, no, no, no.
KELIS:
Seven of Nine is a Borg,
the scourge
of the Eternals.
I...
You're portraying her
like a shy bride
on her wedding night.
Once more.
Seven of Nine,
did you find
B'Elanna Torres?
I am sorry
to disappoint you.
I can't blame
my performers.
are difficult to understand.
These Eternals on Voyager
You're going to break something.
Will you stop walking around?
This Tuvok, for example.
He's not like anybody
I've ever met.
How's that possible?
No emotions?
It just is.
( whirring )
It worked?
It worked.
( console beeping )
Okay.
Computer, bring subspace
transmitter on line.
I don't know.
What happened?!
been weakened in the crash.
The transmitter must have
the energy surge.
It couldn't take
( grunting with effort )
These Vulcans...
Enough!
( exasperated sigh )
What kind of
metallurgic
technology
do you
people have?
which ones can you make?
Alloys...
Bronze.
Steel? Bronze?
Bronze, all right.
I need a plate of metal
this big, as thin as it can be--
to five parts bronze,
three parts tin
one side coated with gold.
Gold is expensive;
I can't afford it.
Then you're going into debt.
Then tell me about the Vulcans.
and then I'll tell you.
Get me the plate,
I'll do it in the morning.
Everyone's asleep.
The Vulcans?
Maybe I've miscounted, but...
I don't think you've slept
in ten days?
Your count is accurate.
Don't you think
you should go to bed?
( sighs ):
As a Vulcan,
I can function
without sleep
for more than
two weeks.
But there's a point
of diminishing returns
when your mind starts
to play tricks on you.
does not play tricks.
My mind, Mr. Neelix,
without them, isn't it?
The ship is lonely
to continue my sensor analysis,
If you would allow me
I might be able to locate them.
If there's anything else
you need...
a stronger tea, perhaps.
the mind is split in half,
When a friend is lost,
divided between memory
of the past
and fear of the future.
Harry Kim, Ensign.
when fate took you
Only a boy
of blue-green Earth.
from the arms
B'Elanna Torres,
half-Klingon, half-human.
I am honored to call you...
What are you doing?
Is that a tear?
Yes.
Logical Tuvok doesn't cry.
That's why they call him
logical.
Everybody cries.
The land of Vulcan
and it has no tears.
has no laughter,
It is a very quiet place--
calm, just like Tuvok.
I can't believe that.
You don't have to;
just don't cry.
won't believe it either.
The audience
They'll either think Tuvok
is an unfeeling monster
or that I am a bad performer.
They'll realize that beneath
your unfeeling exterior
that's breaking, silently,
is a heart
and in more pain than any of us
can possibly understand,
because that's what it is
to be Vulcan.
Try it again.
Kelis!
KELIS:
What's wrong?
Our patron has been insulted
by his enemy to the north.
( murmuring )
The armories are opened.
Has a battlefield
been chosen?
Not yet.
Then we have a chance.
I need your help.
I've given you
enough help.
Where's that
piece of metal?
Not bad.
My patron's been angered
by the leader
of a neighboring state.
He'll want to take revenge.
It could lead to war.
We Eternals aren't supposed
to take sides.
I'm not asking you to fight.
I need a way to change his mind.
that kind of magical power.
I don't have
Yes, you do.
I believe
the right kind of play
from violent thoughts.
can turn the mind
might even stop a war.
The perfect play
( tricorder beeping )
I can't fix the transmitter
with this.
It has too many impurities.
It'll never carry
a plasma charge.
scouting parties will start
If the fighting starts,
moving through
these mountains.
You'll be discovered.
But my play...
it could stop it
from happening.
You have to help me.
There's nothing I can do.
Then come with me.
what I've done so far.
I'll show you
It's our only chance.
She's a fellow poet
from across the eastern sea,
an expert
on the Voyager Eternals.
She's devoted
her life to them.
She's here to help.
of B'Elanna Torres.
The Rescue
We begin with Harry Kim,
reaching Voyager
in the escape pod.
He tells Captain Janeway
that B'Elanna Torres
is lost.
We continue to the point
where they discover
a piece of
the Delta Flyer.
After that...
It's simple. They search
for B'Elanna Torres.
B'Elanna Torres is found...
Or not found.
The end.
Sounds pretty
straightforward to me.
That's exactly
the problem.
Where is the
mistaken identity?
The discovery?
The sudden reversal?
a character who is someone else.
Mistaken identity--
Discovery--
the moment when that identity
is revealed.
that turns from good to bad
Reversal-- a situation
in a blink of an eye.
Find the truth
of your story,
and you won't need
all those tricks.
I don't know how things are done
across the Eastern Sea,
poets have become lazy.
but here,
They rely on
manipulation
to move
their audience.
It wasn't always that way.
Welcome.
Thank you.
The truth of my story.
It's an
old-fashioned idea.
Today audiences want
excitement... passion.
Let me show you
what I've done
with Captain Janeway
and Commander Chakotay.
Let's make
a good impression
on our visitor.
why must I be denied
Chakotay,
what every other female officer
on this ship can have?
Captain?
The privilege...
of your touch.
( door chimes )
Come in.
If that was good news,
you'd be smiling.
I was just contacted
by an alien
transport vessel.
They picked up
the Delta Flyer's
distress call.
The primary controls
are off-line.
TORRES:
I've ordered Harry to eject.
I still have thrusters.
for an L-Class planet.
I'm setting a course
I'll try to maintain contact.
They couldn't get a
fix on her position.
That was ten days ago.
B'Elanna ordered Harry
into an escape pod.
What's the longest
he could survive?
Less than ten days.
An L-Class planet.
I've already narrowed
the search parameters.
it's possible Harry did, too.
If B'Elanna made it there,
Good night, Commander.
Captain.
( gasps )
We'll have a final rehearsal
in the morning.
The last Tuvok scene
doesn't make sense to me,
and we still don't
have an ending.
I've got the rest of
the night to work on it.
Maybe you can get
some sleep.
What did you think?
Captain Janeway kissing
Commander Chakotay?
Tom Paris kissing Seven of Nine?
I don't see the point.
Anger is like fire.
Love can be the rain
that extinguishes it.
My patron is filled
with hatred for his rival.
So our play should be
filled with love.
somebody's way of life
You can't change
with a few lines of dialogue.
Yes, you can.
It's been done before.
Do you know what
this place used to be...
a hundred years ago?
A temple.
And this was
the altar stone.
would be sacrificed on it
Every year a victim
in honor of winter,
and then one year--
exactly when or why--
nobody remembers
a play took the place
of the ritual,
and no one had to die
here again.
take the place of a war?
Why can't my play
Well, you're going to have to do
a lot better than Harry Kim
kissing the Delaney sisters.
Why?
Because...
you are surrounded by enemies,
when you think that
when you're up against the Borg,
or... or Species 8472,
the last thing on your mind
is romance.
You're an Eternal.
You have to help me.
I'm sorry, Kelis.
The Borg...
tell me more
about them.
They are soldiers,
part of a vast army.
They all think
the same thoughts
and they travel on ships
that look like hives.
Like insect colonies.
They even have a queen.
That sounds
terrifying.
Captain Janeway
hasn't been able
to destroy them.
She is a Starfleet officer,
trained to avoid violence
whenever possible.
She would make peace
with the Borg, if she could.
This is what I need...
an enemy,
someone to stand
in the way
finding B'Elanna Torres. It...
of Voyager
driven by vengeance,
Captain Janeway,
the Queen of the Borg.
must seek out
The audience thinks she plans
to destroy them all, but...
Go on.
The sudden reversal!
her spear at the queen's throat,
Eh, Captain Janeway, holding
throws her weapon aside,
and she argues
passionately
to their conflict...
to put an end
in words...
...no one will fail
to understand.
Including your patron?
( sighs )
than all that kissing.
That's much better
Stay and help me.
I still need an ending.
You'll figure something out.
B'Elanna Torres
dies tragically.
You wouldn't dare.
I followed you here
expecting to find
a love nest.
It's quite a nest.
from across the sea.
You're no poet
You're an Eternal.
Maybe even B'Elanna Torres
herself.
Don't be ridiculous.
Mm.
all he thinks about is you?
You know
We're collaborators,
that's all.
If you come to the performance
tomorrow night,
I'll expose you to the Autarch.
Just leave us alone.
You fix your ship and go.
( voice breaking ):
Please.
Friend of yours?
Harry?
( laughs )
Give me a hand.
Here.
Oh, how?
( laughs )
I ran into some turbulence
in the escape pod,
and follow your ion trail,
decided to turn around
landed about 200 kilometers
from here.
You walked?
At night.
I tracked your position
with a tricorder
and tried to stay hidden
during the day.
( sighs )
Uh...
some emergency rations left,
I've got
a phaser, and the escape
pod's transmitter,
which I didn't have enough
power left to run, but...
Harry Kim saves the day.
I was looking for.
Just the ending
Huh?
The final moment.
The last scene.
More important than anything
that's gone before.
But what is it?
Where is she?
Your collaborator's
probably halfway across
the Eastern Sea by now.
She'll be here.
You said we'd have an ending
by mid-morning.
We won't have time
to learn it.
It'll come to me.
Don't worry.
Want to give it a try?
KIM:
Why not?
( grunts )
might be the charm.
The 38th time
( sighs )
( electronic whirring )
( console beeping )
It's working!
The subspace transmitter
is on line.
COMPUTER:
Why don't you
do the honors?
Voyager...
this is the Delta Flyer.
Our patron has arrived.
He's not in a
very good mood.
He will be.
any indication.
Not if this is
Yes. Kelis, this is
no way to end a play.
It doesn't make sense.
It'll have to.
Go, go.
( audience applauding )
PERFORMER ( on stage ):
Who are the enemies
of Voyager?
PERFORMER 2:
The Borg...
PERFORMER 3:
Species 8472...
You know where the ridge ends
just below the peak?
Run there
as fast as you can.
You'll find a vessel
wrecked against the rocks.
Go inside and give this
to our friend.
Don't be frightened. Go.
( snoring )
( snoring continues )
Tuvok.
( snoring )
( louder ):
Tuvok.
As you were.
Bridge to Chakotay.
CHAKOTAY:
Go ahead.
Request permission
to be relieved.
I'll be right there.
Understood.
( console beeping )
a subspace transmission--
We're picking up
Starfleet frequency.
It's a little rough.
Hang on.
TORRES ( staticky ):
...Delta Flyer.
Harry and I are all right.
We're on an L-Class planet.
Propulsion is down...
( static )
Origin?
5.2 light-years.
F-type star.
Looks like the fourth planet.
Lay in a course...
maximum warp.
Captain.
Seven of Nine.
The Delta Flyer
has been found...
in pieces on
a rocky shore.
And B'Elanna Torres?
No sign of her.
Seven of Nine, you are
my eyes and my ears.
If anyone can find
her, it is you.
Her eyes and her ears...
and the viper in her nest.
of finding B'Elanna Torres.
I, Seven of Nine,
have no intention
am Queen of the Borg.
I, Seven of Nine,
more surprised than Janeway
Surprised? No one will be
when I take my revenge
on Voyager.
Say nothing or you, too,
will be assimilated.
Captain...
I will comply.
My enemies are everywhere...
without and within.
Queen of the Borg.
Seven of Nine is
Surprised?
So was I.
or I will lose my advantage...
Tell her nothing,
and my ship as well.
Are you okay?
PARIS:
We're fine.
Yes.
Good to hear it.
PARIS:
We'll see you soon.
( metal creaking )
Don't be afraid.
What is it?
"Without inspiration...
B'Elanna Torres will perish."
to kill off B'Elanna.
He's threatening
As the climax to his play.
Let him.
That means...
that he still can't
figure out the ending.
Uh, who cares?
I do.
You're serious.
Harry...
inspired anybody?
...have you ever
That's kind of a
strange question.
Well, it's been a strange
couple of weeks.
He needs me, or he's the one
who's going to die
on that stage.
What are you talking about?
The transporter is on line.
COMPUTER:
I'll be a little late.
Tell the Captain
B'Elanna...?
Wait for my signal.
My death is irrelevant.
You will never see
the gleaming cities of Earth.
You will be assimilated.
And if I let you live?
Also irrelevant.
You don't believe that.
The battle is over.
Go home.
How foolish of you
to let me go...
free to attack you again.
And again and again,
until all your drones and
all my crew are destroyed--
until everything
we value is gone
and there is nothing left...
but our hatred.
This final scene
will ruin everything
that we've done out there.
We'll have to improvise.
It's too late.
TORRES:
No, it's not.
I knew you'd come.
And I told you not to.
Wait!
Let's go.
has reached our shores.
Finally, Voyager
TORRES:
And not a moment
too soon.
must say good-bye
Kelis the Poet
as B'Elanna Torres
returns to
the Eternals
in a dazzling
blaze of light.
snow-covered peak...
On a faraway,
TORRES:
No!
Right here,
before your eyes.
Wait. She's not
from across the Eastern Sea.
She's an Eternal.
I'm telling you she's
B'Elanna Torres.
The real
B'Elanna Torres!
I saw her ship!
The lead actress,
in a fit of jealousy
brands her rival
an Eternal.
Our patron rises
to his feet
to stop the play.
Nicely done.
( audience murmuring )
I almost believed you.
( chuckles )
Continue.
Stay.
Voyager needs me.
So do I.
No, you don't.
You have all that you need
right here.
I'll be inspired...
...every time I think of you.
One to beam...
...to ascend...
to the heavens.
And so ends
the rescue of
B'Elanna Torres,
half-Klingon,
half-human,
B'Elanna Torres,
Chief Engineer.
These stories will continue...
the breath to tell them...
for as long as we have
as our patrons...
...and as long
remain wise
and compassionate.
And Voyager
will continue
on her journey
to the gleaming cities
of Earth...
where peace reigns...
and hatred has no home.